User table docs (#427)
fitbenchmarking/fitbenchmarking: fitbenchmarking/templates/table_descriptions.rst

acc: Start

The accuracy results are calculated from the final chi squared value:

.. math:: \min_p \sum_{i=1}^n \left( \frac{y_i - f(x_i, p)}{e_i} \right)^2

where :math:`n` data points :math:`(x_i,y_i)`, associated errors :math:`e_i`, and a model function :math:`f(x,p)`.

acc: End

compare: Start

The combined results show the accuracy in the first line of the cell and the runtime on the second line of the cell.

compare: End

local_min: Start

> The local min results shows a ``True`` or ``False`` value together with a number. The ``True`` or ``False`` indicates whether the software finds a minimum with respect to the following criteria:

Author: ```suggestion
The local min results shows a ``True`` or ``False`` value together with :math:`\frac{|| J^T r||}{||r||}`. The ``True`` or ``False`` indicates whether the software finds a minimum with respect to the following criteria:

```

- :math:`||r|| \leq \mbox{RES\_TOL}`,
- :math:`|| J^T r|| \leq \mbox{GRAD\_TOL}`,
- :math:`\frac{|| J^T r||}{||r||} \leq \mbox{GRAD\_TOL}`,

where :math:`J` and :math:`r` are the Jacobian and residual of :math:`f(x, p)`, respectively. The tolerances can be found in the results object.

local_min: End

runtime: Start

> The timing results are calculate from an average using the `timeit <https://docs.python.org/2/library/timeit.html>`_  module in python. The number of runs can be set in :ref:`options`.

Author: ```suggestion
The timing results are calculated from an average using the `timeit <https://docs.python.org/2/library/timeit.html>`_  module in python. The number of runs can be set in :ref:`options`.
```
